Add GitHub Actions to installation doc (#268)
TypedDevs/bashunit: docs/installation.md

Committing (or not) this file to your project it's up to you. In the end, it is a dev dependency.
:::

## GitHub Actions

```yaml
# example: .github/workflows/bashunit-tests.yml
name: Tests

on:
  pull_request:
  push:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  tests:
    name: "Run tests"
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v4

      - name: "Install bashunit"
        run: "curl -s https://bashunit.typeddevs.com/install.sh"

      - name: "Test"
        run: "./bashunit tests/**/*_test.sh"
```

::: tip

> Check the pipelines running on bashunit itself: https://github.com/TypedDevs/bashunit/blob/main/.github/workflows/tests.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get inspiration from the pipelines running on the bashunit-project itself: https://github.com/TypedDevs/bashunit/blob/main/.github/workflows/tests.yml
```
